“How to stop time: kiss. How to travel in time: read. How to escape time: music. How to feel time: write. How to release time: breathe.” ― Matt Haig
“Time is what we want most and what we use worst.” – William Penn
“It’s not about having enough time, it’s about making enough time.”― Rachael Bermingham
“Time is money.” – Benjamin Franklin
“Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.” – William Shakespeare
“The trouble is, you think you have time.” –Buddha
“The greatest gift you could give someone is your time. Because when you give your time, you are giving a portion of your life you can’t get back.” – Unknown
“Punctuality is not just limited to arriving at a place at right time, it is also about taking actions at right time.” ― Amit Kalantri
“Time always exposes what you mean to someone.” – Unknown
“After all this time? Always.” – J.K. Rowling

“You can’t let your failures define you. You have to let your failures teach you.” – Barack Obama
“Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.” – Bill Gates
“Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being excited about what could go right.” – Tony Robbins
“Think like a Queen. A Queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness.” – Oprah
“Defeat is a state of mind; no one is ever defeated until defeat is accepted as a reality.” – Bruce Lee
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” – Confucius
“It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all – in which case, you fail by default.” – J.K. Rowling
“Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm” – Winston Churchill
“Why do we grieve failures longer than we celebrate wins?” – Komal Kapoor
“Failure isn’t the end of the road. It’s a big red flag saying to you ‘Wrong way. Turn around.’” – Oprah Winfrey
“Whenever you feel like a failure, just remember that even Coca Cola only sold 25 bottles their first year.” – Anonymous


“No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.” – Robin Williams
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” – Albert Einstein
“You’re off to Great Places! Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, so… get on your way!” – Dr. Seuss
“When thinking about life, remember this: no amount of guilt can change the past and no amount of anxiety can change the future.” – Unknown
“A negative mind will never give you a positive life.” – Unknown
“Everything is hard before it is easy.” – Goethe
“At the end of the day we can endure much more than we think we can.” – Frida Kahlo
“Whatever you do never run back to what broke you.” – Frank Ocean
“Take the risk or lose the chance.” – Unknown
“I didn’t learn to be quiet when I had an opinion. The reason they knew who I was is because I told them.” – Ursula Burns

“Never regret a day in your life. Good days bring you happiness and bad days give you experience.” – Unknown
“Either you run the day, or the day runs you.” – Jim Rohn
“Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.” – Carol Burnett
“Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.” – Charles R. Swindoll
“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.” – William James
“When the pain of an obstacle is too great, challenge yourself to be stronger.” – Unknown
“Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.” – Will Rogers
“Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.” – Marcus Aurelius
“Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.” Helen Keller
“The woman who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd. The woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has been before.” –  Albert Einstein
“Life’s like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.” – Jim Hensen


“A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one.” ― George R.R. Martin
“I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.”― Groucho Marx
“Never stop learning because life never stops teaching.” –Unknown
“If you’re the smartest person in the room, you’re in the wrong room.” – Unknown
“The capacity to learn is a gift; the ability to learn is a skill; the willingness to learn is a choice.”– Brian Herbert
“The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.”― Mark Twain
“To learn a language is to have one more window from which to look at the world.” – Chinese Proverb
“I’m still learning.” – Michelangelo
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Education is the most powerful weapon you can use to change the world.” – Nelson Mandela



“Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.” – Arnold Schwarzenegger
“If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you.” – Fred DeVito
“A dream doesn’t become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.” – Colin Powell
“Every night her thoughts weighed heavily on her soul but every morning she would get up and fight another day, every night she survived.” – R.H. Sin
“Still, I rise.” – Maya Angelou
“The best thing you can do is MASTER the chaos in you. You are not thrown into the fire, you ARE the fire.” – Mama Indigo
“Flowers grow back even after the harshest winters. You will too.” – Jennae Cecilia
“Life has many ways of testing a person’s will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen all at once.” – Paulo Coelho
“Be strong enough to let go and wise enough to wait for what you deserve.” – Author Unknown
“It’s okay to be a glowstick: Sometimes we have to break before we shine.” – Jadah Sellner


“What is coming is better than what is gone.” – Unknown
“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”― Roy T. Bennett
“Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.”― Marcus Aurelius
“Do something today that your future self will thank you for.” –Unknown
“The greatest weapon against stress is the ability to choose one thought over another.” – William James
“It takes nothing to join the crowd. It takes everything to stand alone.” – Hans F. Hansen
“Your mind is powerful. When you fill it with positive thoughts your whole world will change.” – Unknown
“Your only limit is your mind.” – Unknown
“Stop being afraid of what can go wrong and start being positive about what can go right.” – Unknown
“The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do.” – Unknown



“You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.” – Zig Ziglar
“One thing’s for sure, if you don’t play, you don’t win.” – Kylie Francis
“Winning means you’re willing to go longer, work harder, and give more than anyone else.” – Vince Lombardi
“Talent wins games, but teamwork wins championships.” – Michael Jordan
“When I win and when I lose, I take ownership of it, because I really am in charge of what I do.” – Nicki Minaj
“A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.” – Billie Jean King
‘Competing at the highest level is not about winning. It’s about preparation, courage, understanding, nurturing your people, and heart. Winning is the result.” – Joe Torre
“A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.” – Nelson Mandela
“The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.” – Mike Murdock
“Losers quit when they fail. Winners fail until they succeed.” –Robert T. Kiyosaki



“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” – George Eliot
“Words can inspire, thoughts can provoke, but only action truly brings you closer to your dreams.” – Brad Sugars
“Don’t stop when you are tired. Stop when you are done.” – Unknown
“Don’t tell people about your dreams. Show them your dreams.” – Unknown
“Revenge is a powerful motivator.” – Marcus Luttrell
“Motivation may be what starts you off, but it’s habit that keeps you going back for more.”  – Miya Yamanouchi
“I will not erase all my hard work this week because it’s the weekend.” – Unknown
“It might not be easy but it’ll be worth it.” – Unknown
“Make your fear of losing your greatest motivator.” – Unknown
“You will never always be motivated, so you must learn to be disciplined.” –Unknown
“I’m not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.” – Stephen Covey